About

The Website is created for the welfare of the students of Indonesia. Students of Indonesia are not ready to face the subjects and learn the concepts of science and mathematics. The main intension of this education site is to bring quality education to the students of Indonesia.

You will be able to learn the science, mathematics, computers, programming, and language skills along with the interpersonal skills for the upskilling of personalities. You can also get ready for the standing ahead among your community. The enrichment of the quality of education of students in Indonesia is the main motivation for the trainers of this EduTech site.

About eLearning Platform

The eLearning platform is made to provide the educational support for the intermediate students and matriculation passed students. The type of education we are providing is technical and interpersonal skills. These skills are helpful for the upskilling themselves to stand as the eminent one among the community. The skills developed by the students of this edu site will be able to secure the greatest of jobs in Indonesia and will lead to a sustainable life among the community.

Education is not only for a degree; it's for knowledge. Knowledge is not only for memorizing; it's for working over it to bring miracles to the world.

RIASEC Model

Holland’s Theory
Holland’s theory posits that people can be categorized according to six personality types—Realistic, Investigative, Artistic, Social, Enterprising, and Conventional—known collectively as RIASEC. Use the interactive hexagon graphic below to explore the six RIASEC personality types in more detail.

REALISTIC
Realistic types generally like to work with things more than with people. They are often described as genuine, sensible, practical, natural, thrifty, modest, persistent, and honest.

INVESTIGATIVE
Investigative types typically like to work with ideas more than with people or things. They are usually described as logical, curious, exact, intellectual, cautious, independent, quiet, and modest.

ARTISTIC
Artistic types usually like to work with ideas more than with things. They are usually described as open, creative, independent, emotional, impulsive, and original.

SOCIAL
Social types typically like to work with people more than with things. They are often described as helpful, understanding, responsible, warm, cooperative, convincing, friendly, kind, generous, and patient.

ENTERPRISING
Enterprising types generally like to work with people and ideas more than with things. They are usually described as outgoing, adventurous, energetic, optimistic, sociable, and self-confident.

CONVENTIONAL
Conventional types generally like to work with papers and numbers. They are typically described as practical, careful, thrifty, efficient, orderly, and persistent.

Holland's theories of vocational choice, The Holland Occupational Themes, "now pervades career counseling research and practice".[2] Its origins "can be traced to an article in the Journal of Applied Psychology in 1958 and a subsequent article in 1959 that set out his theory of vocational choices. ... The basic premise was that one's occupational preferences were in a sense a veiled expression of underlying character."[6] The 1959 article in particular ("A Theory of Vocational Choice," published in the Journal of Counseling Psychology) is considered the first major introduction of Holland's "theory of vocational personalities and work environments".[2]

Holland originally labeled his six types as "motoric, intellectual, esthetic, supportive, persuasive, and conforming".[2] He later developed and changed them to: "Realistic (Doers), Investigative (Thinkers), Artistic (Creators), Social (Helpers), Enterprising (Persuaders), and Conventional (Organizers)".[7] Holland's six categories show some correlation with each other.[8] It is called the RIASEC model or the hexagonal model because the initial letter of the region is equal to R-I-A-S-E-C when it is expressed as a circle connecting the regions of high correlation. Professor John Johnson of Penn State suggested that an alternative way of categorizing the six types would be through ancient social roles: "hunters (Realistic), shamans (Investigative), artisans (Artistic), healers (Social), leaders (Enterprising), and lorekeepers (Conventional)".[9]

According to the Committee on Scientific Awards, Holland's "research shows that personalities seek out and flourish in career environments they fit and that jobs and career environments are classifiable by the personalities that flourish in them".[10] Holland also wrote of his theory that "the choice of a vocation is an expression of personality".[11]:6 Furthermore, while Holland suggested that people can be "categorized as one of six types",[11]:2 he also argued that "a six-category scheme built on the assumption that there are only six kinds of people in the world is unacceptable on the strength of common sense alone. But a six category scheme that allows a simple ordering of a person's resemblance to each of the six models provides the possibility of 720 different personality patterns."

Preface:

Welcome folks of Indonesia, here are the list of courses provided for you.
As we know the Indonesian students are getting worse in the streams of mathematics and pure science. Also we need the students of Indonesia to get prepared for industrial skills.
The industrial skills are important for standing the chance to lead the industries running in the Indonesia where they are led by the other country inhabitants.



Career Mapping
Career Mapping is a tool that provides young students on the verge of deciding their career paths with unique, data-driven insights to help them build the careers they are suitable for. Career mapping basically depicts the clear picture of what the student has done till now, academically & socially. To prepare Career Map, we ask in for all the academic mark-sheets of the students, along with any extra and co-curricular certificates. We also ask them to provide information on any educational tours and visits made.

Also they have to fill in a questionnaire which depicts the parents socio-economic status, their educational and occupational background and medical history.

Based on all this information we prepare a career graph which shows the ups and downs in the student’s career.

Also from extra and co-curricular activities we try to find their inclination towards any particular field/activity. Or in other words you can say, their inner capabilities and interest area for a particular field or work. So that proper guidance can be given in terms of choosing the right career path.

In short like a GPS in your car, Career Maps display alternative routes to build mastery in the core professions. Mastery is being the “best you can be” and those who achieve mastery of their professions or trades are leaders, mentors and innovators.


Why Indonesian Students need TigerTechs EduFirm?
According to UNESCO, Indonesia's literacy rate 95% (Students within 15 years). Program for International Student Assessment[PISA] test last conducted in 2015 by OECD shows the result that Indonesian students performing at lower level in all areas of Science, Mathematics and Reading skills. 42% of Indonesian students falling to meet minimum standards in all three areas covered by their Test. Malaysia, Vetnam and Thailand students also maintains same standards.

The Asian Post :
The problem, as far as Indonesia go, is lack of expertise from Indonesia to Singapore.
Factors for Indonesians to evaluate an employment oppurtunity:
77.6% - Fair and Market competitive compensation.
6.9% - Good health benefits.
7.2% - Career Advancement Oppurtunities.
8.3% - Top Calibre Colleges.

Leaving Indonesia and Relocating for job oppurtunity and career advancement:
Indonesia to Singapore - 38%
Indonesia to Europe - 13%
Indonesia to Malaysia - 7%

According to Dominique Sierra, YouTuber
Average performance of of Teachers in Indonesia is 53%

What are the services provided by TigerTechs EduFirm?


Why TigerTechs Edufirm is important?

5 Subsystems of indonesian Education System:
1. Value oriented Education system.
2. Open Education system.
3. Diverse Education system.
4. An Education system that is efficient in Managing time.
5. The Education system adopted to the times.

Survey of UNESCO:

Indonesian Stduents reading interest is only 0.001%.

Problems that Indonesian students facing [Analysed]:
1. Problem of Educational equality that is still unequal to 1 side in the society.
2. Problems with educational costs.
3. Quality of education that is still, lagging behind.

What is special in TigerTechs Edufirm?
According to Macrotrends.net| Indonesia
 Indonesian Literacy rate: 95.66% [under 15].
 Poverty rate: 56% (2018)
 Under USD 5.50/ Day

 Unemployment rate(without work but available for seeking employment):
 2019- 4.69% 

 Youth Unemployment rate(without work but available for seeking employment):
 2019- 17.04%- [15-24 years]

 The main reason behind all these things is lack of education and poverty.

 Many are trying to overcome the education related problems. But we're trying to overcome the problems of Education along with the problems of not getting effective education by the below poverty level and poverty level indonesian students.

 